Well, welcome to this section and the next section, so what are we going to do now is we're going
to start by learning fundamentals of cuddling.
So if you chose to continue on this sections, congratulations, it's wonderful.
It's not.
That's totally fine.
But I'm happy that you're here starting now.
So in these sections, continuing for a few sections, I'm going to assume that you either know very
little of cuddling or programming in general to knowing some programming, some cuddling.
Maybe not so much, right for some of you.
Some of these lectures may be really simplistic, and if that's the case, feel free to gloss over or
even skip those lectures.
So there's no need for you to sit on a lecture that you feel like, OK, I already know what this is
all about, and you don't have to spend time there.
I would rather you to go and find sections or lectures where you feel like, OK, I will learn something
from there.
If you had some experience now, if you a total beginner, I would still recommend you to go through
all of these sections.
All of these lectures of Kotlin weren't really showing you how Kotlin works.
That's what we are going to be doing.
And you are free to do what fits your schedule, what fits your level of knowledge.
OK, now that we are all hopefully on the same page.
Let's get started.